---
id: dunsin-oyekan-imole-de
title: "Imole De"
artist: "Dunsin Oyekan"
album: "Kingdom Now"
cover: ""
created: ""
updated: ""
---

Where's darkness at the sight of light Evaporated at the glimpse of light You're the light that makes my face shine bright As I look your face I become the light Where's darkness at the sight of light Evaporated at the glimpse of light You're the light that makes my face Shine bright so bright As I look your face, I become the light Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Where's darkness at the sight of light Evaporated at the glimpse of light You're the light that makes my face shine bright As I look your face, I become the light Where's darkness at the sight of light Evaporated at the glimpse of light You're the light that makes my face shine bright As I look your face, I become the light Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Okunkun Parada (darkness disappear) in the name of Jesus Anything that looks like darkness leave Let there be light In the name of Jesus And the light shines in darkness And darkness cannot comprehend it Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be light! Let there be light! In the name of Jesus I declare light be light be Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Let there be li... light! Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears) Imole De oh! Okunkun parada (When light comes; darkness disappears)