---
id: sinach-shout-hallelujah
title: "Shout Hallelujah"
artist: "Sinach"
album: "Shout Hallelujah"
cover: ""
created: ""
updated: ""
---

mighty is our God
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
glorious is our God
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
powerful is our God
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
lord we bless your name
Hallelujah
lord we bless your name
hallelujah
lord we bless your name
hallelujah
you're worthy of my praise
you're worthy lord
you're worthy of my praise
you're worthy lord
powerful is our God
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
glorious is our God
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
lord we bless your name
hallelujah
lord we bless your name
hallelujah
lord we bless your name
hallelujah
you're worthy of my praise
you're worthy lord
you're worthy of my praise
you're worthy lord
heaven and earth adore your name
angels bow before your throne
to sing Hallelujah